what's up guys today have a standing
match for my boy Thunder blender 777
he's a very good valor and a very good
narrator so I definitely encourage you
guys to go check his channel out after
this match he's a living off at jirachi
I'm bleeding up my dragon I a mixed life
with dragon is so I'm trying hit him
with a fire blast as he ends up staying
going right for the iron hadn't getting
to be flinch him staying in leading to
believe that he's a mix rachi with the
hpi so fearing that I Mickey switched
into my bronze on as he predicts that
very nicely under going right for his
stealth rocks so I'm a max attack
Muslims can go right for the earthquake
doing that would it get off a decent
chunk on whatever he switched into
barring like his gyarados and in lodi
ass would not be switching him the
bronze on so hands are going out into
his pollito now based on his damage I'm
thinking he is offensive so he does show
the leftover so he's actually an
offensive lefties politoed he's gonna he
would be hired to pump as I can go for
the earthquake which actually brings him
down to the point where he knocks me out
right here I can go out to tea tart and
pursuit trapping or if I wanted to I
could switching the slobo right here and
knock him out with one of my attacks so
figuring he would predict that and would
switch into jirachi end up going for the
trick room as he doesn't switching out
to rachi which means i can get off an
earthquake hopefully do a lot of damage
though he does pack these sugar which
means he's gonna take that reasonably
well and then knock me out with you
Thunder but because of the damage from
the earthquake the fact that rain is up
and also that has dry she's more like
knife I know that I can go out to my
Rotom go right for your hydro pump and
knock him out actually a modest Rotom
but I only have about 56 special tachigi
so definitely would not have enough had
I been a column Rotom or something but I
hands I go out to Garchomp the only
reason you go out to guard shop when
Rotom does out speed you and the trick
room is because you are running a lung
Barry so knowing that even though he was
running a lung Barry I'm actually to try
and burn that by going for the lowest i
did not want to go for to hide rows
because I actually want to be able to
set up a trick room on the scar Chomp
with my slow bro so basically I was just
acting my room right here to this
Garchomp that way I can burn it and then
set up a trickle with this level because
his team is actually a trick blue team
you guys did not notice so I'm about
slowbro another reason why I didn't
directly switch into SLO brew on the
guard Chuck is because this logo is
actually offensive it's not packing
slack off its trickum three attacks so
as you can see by that outrage from the
burn it actually does a lot so I
not taking the regular outrage of oil at
all so and the guard for the surf which
brings it to the point where the in the
following turn he'll go down a bird
which means that i can set up a trick
room as he goes down and basically my
snow bro out speeds his entire team now
unfortunately though he's gonna go after
Kelly oh I do like the size shock but I
told him that I didn't which is why he
might ought to Calvillo but um at max HP
he'll do does not go down to size shock
so I'm forced to switch out into my teat
are also doing this just in case you
want to scout for the size shocked by
doubling in tladi ass but he ends up
staying in going right for the surf as a
teacher does not take that one off but
figuring he would not want any damage on
his wing condition because Kelly 0 is
his wing condition I'm actually gonna go
for these stuff rocks expecting him to
want to switch out into politoed also
just to get the rain since this
offensive tote can definitely get a kill
when it comes in but I am able to get up
these stealth rocks which ensure that
when kanodia comes back inside shock can
knock it out from slowbro so surprising
right here by going right for the dark
gym boosted crunch I'm able to knock out
his pot I told essentially windy weather
work as now he goes out to the big
threat which is Cal do now I can't
switch in my slowbro on a rain boost of
attacks i'm switching out into my dragon
I knowing that could take one surf and
then get off some damage with whatever
attack I choose to go for unfortunately
though since trick room does go down I'm
forced to go right for the extreme speed
as opposed to like a Draco meteor which
would knock out this calvillo as he's
able to knock me out with you sir but
now I'm gonna go out to my slowbro the
reason he stays in right here is because
he believed me when I said I didn't have
size shock and like I said he thought
that Cal deal was his win condition by
repeatedly kicking surf it would be able
to to a KO my slowbro as I'm actually
gonna go for the trick room right here
and he's thinking on my head and would
ask alder actually a certified skull I
already showed surf but I was gonna go
right for the size shock surprising he
was like you lie Joey I was like yeah
daddy told you to talk to me during the
battle but either way I can knock out
his Calvillo as now he's gonna go out
into his Lodi asked a Mickey switch into
my TTR just to get a piece and also if
he had been an offensive latios and went
right for the Draco I could sack it and
then go for an agility with my Gliscor
and
when explain why later but he ends up
going for the substitute um showing that
he has a sub com-mine latias because he
trick room is up I cannot speed him and
go right for the crunch now he was
hoping that this dragon pulse would be
enough to take out my teat are but I am
actually able to survive and I was
actually hoping that he would knock me
out because had he knocked me out there
would still be another turn a trick room
I can go on to my Gliscor go right for
the flying gem boosted acrobatics and
that would either not got the lot es or
knockout few gyarados when it switched
in because i actually have high for
cutter so gyarados is intimidate would
have been made void but it doesn't end
up happening i'm able to knock him out
with the crunchy was probably also
fearing the pursuit right there i do
have item going for it as night goes up
to gyarados gets up the intimidate but i
know that because of my attack
investment i can still go for the punch
and i'm pretty sure qatar even follow
the attack investment could still go for
crunchy still get off 25% just in case
you know gyarados want to stuff but it's
going red for the DD as now he can knock
him out the waterfall and basically his
only hope is um going for the balance on
my slowbro and then getting a high
enough roll that way sand storm knocks
out my slobo because at this point i
told him that my Gliscor was a toxic
variance so i would need to be able to
stall out his gyarados but that's of
course another lie i am a agility Swords
Dance variant with the flying jump
booster pack a bag so I would be able to
knock him out so I figured my best play
would be going for trick room even he'd
be subbed and you know predicting that
would then went for the bounce it was
better that I went for the trick room
right here just in case he got the pair
like he ended up doing because if I
didn't get up trick room and he got the
full pair he could potentially sub and
then bounced install out trick room and
then sweet 19 but it doesn't end up
happening because slowbro is able to
pull through I can knock him out the
size shock and that's gonna be good game
see a good game Thunder blender guys go
check them out and until next time later